Making tile sets is hard and can get
pretty time-consuming. The good news is
that we just updated our tile set
creator in Pixel Lab. Now you can go to
pixellab.ai,
head to the maps page, choose tile sets,
[music] and hit new tile set. From
there, switch to pro, describe your
lower terrain, so let's try lava, and
your upper terrain, I'll do a dungeon
floor. And just like that, we can
generate a full tile set in just a few
seconds. If you want something like deep
ocean water and soft sandy beach, you
can do that.
If you want pretty grass and cobblestone
floors, you can do that, too. And that's
just the flat tile sets. It also allows
for walls and transitions. If you want
something more dramatic, like molten
lava below and dark volcanic rock above
for a dungeon, we can prompt a
transition and define the height,
something like a dark stone wall, and
check it out. You can edit your
generated tile sets, as well, by
clicking edit in Pixelorama and use all
of our tools to change it, enhance it,
or just start making maps in our map
editor. [music] Check it out at
pixellab.ai.